This lesson will introduce you to the mechanics behind modern-day stock markets.
But not only that,
you also build a simple market simulator that matches and executes orders,
and sets prices just like a real market.
This will give you a better idea of all the activities that keep a market running.
These activities generate a lot of data.
Market data, which may hold important clues that you
can use to decide when to buy or sell stocks.
As you get introduced to the various dimensions of data available to us,
try to build an intuition for why they might be important,
what signals they might carry.
Finally, you will learn to deal with data during
the closing and opening of global markets.
If you pay close attention,
there might be some training opportunities there too.
Are you ready? Let's get on with it.